This preview contains images that teach the message that social media is extremely toxic, addicting, and has a lot of negative side effects. There are prescription medicine bottles and instead of them pouring out medication, they are pouring out toxic elements from social media that are a major part of people’s everyday lives, even multiple times a day. Some include likes on Facebook and Instagram, as well as the constant notifications that are seen on people’s phones from frequent social media activity. Any social media user is familiar with these elements and images from social media, so this is something social media users will recognize. The use of pill bottles is to show that medicine is supposed to help individuals overcome mental health issues, however, due to the negative effects of social media, this medicine is honestly not very effective.
 I also have included some text on the bottom that lists some side effects of social media, as well as a disclaimer saying that social media is addicting. I did this because when people start taking a new medication, their doctors warn them about side effects of the meds as well as any disclaimers, so I thought that element would mimic a real situation of taking meds. 
I chose a gray background for this because it is very neutral, and it allows for the images in the middle to pop due to the number of colors they contain. Although the quality of this preview is not great, it is just a draft and is something I am going to work on. I need to work on cropping the images better and elevating the quality of them, as this preview is extremely blurry and honestly doesn’t look great. However, I am satisfied with the content of this preview, as it is the way I envisioned it to look, and I will work on improving the quality/perfecting other aspects before the final draft is due. 
